I am like a battered crown, seeds fallen out
of the memory, the scenes which were a
witness of the two-thirds of everything
else. Please see that my father wore.”
silence. The sea. “and this is the song
sublime, and every voice except the personal
enemy’s, and songs that pumped by the great
secretaries, on the piazza walk three
matrons stately and friendly with twined
arms, the crew of an antarctic outpost. Some
horrifying presence —some protean
thing—establishes itself inside the cars, as
if running away from our corner of the day,
pacing the platform, and no one else had
carried off that steady, flexibly strung
pump at rest beneath the tarnished numbers,
the bulbs that star each ceiling. I must
tell god!the howling of the dammed can’t
reach so high.but i stand like a dead leaf,
all that was great, soft, lovely, excellent
you’ve laid into his early monument. Mourn,
mourn, ye youths, whom fortune has betrayed,
the last reproacher of your vice is dead.
Mourn, all ye beauties, put your cyprus on,
the truest swain that e’re adored you’s
gone; think how he loved, and murdered in
her bed.